Why don't you do the surgery?
You have to do the surgery right away!
We really have to give it more time, sir.
And I'm afraid you yourself
can't undergo surgery in that condition.
I don't care, I'm the father
and I wanna donate my liver for her!
How dare you try to stop me?
This is my own decision,
I want to save her!
[man 1] We both have the same blood type.
What's the problem? She's my own daughter.
Perform the surgery now.
What are you waiting for? Do it!
Listen. If you waste any more time
and my daughter doesn't make it,
are you going to be accountable?
[Su-bin] Sir, I've already
explained this to you before.
Even if you're a family member,
it's not easy to proceed
with a transplant surgery.
Besides, we need to consider your age.
Not to mention
your health isn't doing very well, either.
Hi, sir. Would you like
to join me for coffee?
-[man 1] Sure.
-Great, let's go. This way.
[clears throat]
I'm gonna be very honest with you, sir.
Uh…
You're not getting any younger.
If I were to follow protocol,
you're not a good candidate for surgery.
But we ran some tests to prepare
for the worst-case scenario,
and luckily, everyone seemed fine
except for one thing.
You have a fatty liver, sir.
In these cases,
the donor must lose some weight first
to get rid of the fat in the liver.
But given your age,
it'll make things more difficult.
Why don't you wait
for a brain-dead patient for a bit longer?
We have something called a MELD score.
This number determines
who gets the liver first.
And her number is considerably high.
Given her current score,
I think we can afford to wait a few more
days to make our decision.
Are you trying to tell me
she has a good score?
Yes.
Her score is at 36 now. It's pretty high.
But to be honest,
she has to have at least a 39 or 40
in order for her to receive a liver
from a brain-dead patient.
She's not guaranteed a transplant.
Let's wait a few more days.
If your daughter's condition
becomes critical, I'll make my decision.
But for now,
let's just try to be more patient, sir.
Let's give it time.
It's time for her to eat.
She must be waiting for you, sir.
I hope you enjoy your lunch with her.
All right then. Thank you so much.
[tense music]
Oh, she's wearing hair rollers.
It's nothing new, really.
Can you see her freckles?
I didn't know So-mi had a lot of freckles.
Bring her over here.
A laser treatment will fix that.
It's not even real. She only used makeup.
-Why?
-I don't know.
Why not? She's your daughter.
-You understand U-ju?
-Oh, I don't…
[both chuckle]
You know what I think?
U-ju is going through a sock phase.
He takes 30 minutes to pick his own pair.
Oh, right.
I subscribed to So-mi's channel.
She's the number one
teenage makeup YouTuber right now, right?
Seriously. I wanna try some of her tips.
It's 40, you know.
Why? What's wrong with it?
Men want to look good, too.
No, I mean, my daughter weighs 40kg.
Oh, okay.
Or maybe she weighs a lot less than that.
Ugh, she hasn't had her first period.
Really? She's in eighth grade now.
She's a bit late.
I wanted to get her checked,
but she won't listen.
What about you? You're not getting lunch?
I'm going to meet up with the others at
the cafeteria. You're welcome to join us.
I have somewhere else to go.
I can't join you guys.
I have shift from 12:00 to 2:00 p.m.
You have another shift?
Uh, mm-hmm. Yes, I do.
You have outpatients, right?
If I stayed for ten more minutes,
I'd have to marry Seok-hyeong.
-[Song-hwa] Goodbye.
-[Ik-jun] Bye.
Hello, ma'am!
[laughs]
Have you heard? Seok-hyeong said
he's going to adopt me.
He promised me that he's going to give me
his house, TV, and recliner chair.
[Young-hye laughs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[sphygmomanometer hissing]
100 over 70.
Pretty good.
Really? Thank you so much.
Have you had dinner?
-I need to go home after my shift.
-Oh.
What about you?
Well, later on, I'm going to have…
Hi, Mom. I'm back!
Oh, you're back.
Hello, miss.
Hello there.
[snickers]
Did you bring the humidifier here?
It was Jun-wan who brought it in
this morning.
And he stopped by this afternoon
to fill it up.
He may not look like
the considerate type, but he is.
Did you just judge his character
by his looks?
You know what? That guy's perverted
like Jeong-won.
Oh, ma'am. Are you sick of hospital food?
You want beef soup? I can sneak one
from the cafeteria for you.
Don't worry about me here.
You guys should go out and grab a bite.
Invite the others too.
I won't leave you.
I'll stay here
for 24 hours starting today.
Don't you have work?
I'll be fine on my own.
I wonder what caused
the sudden arrhythmia.
We couldn't find out what caused it
from the electrophysiology study.
It's making me feel anxious.
It's obviously because I'm old now.
When people age,
their bodies slowly deteriorate.
Go ahead and get some dinner now.
How about some beef bone soup?
I'm sure it'll make you
feel better, ma'am.
I'll accompany her now.
I bet you've been in the hospital all day.
Go outside and get some air.
You must've been surprised, right?
Yes. You came from Yangpyeong?
Mm-hmm. I asked Jong-su to drive me.
These are your mom's favorites,
pumpkin porridge and beef bone soup.
I didn't make a lot,
so you should get your own food.
That's right, Seok-hyeong.
Maybe you should treat your friends
to some barbecue.
They will make me feel better.
Hey Jeong-won,
you should go with Seok-hyeong.
He's been staying in the hospital
for three straight days.
[phone chimes]
Do you think the others are free later?
Yeah.
I just type in "meat"
and they all come running.
[chuckles]
[upbeat music]
Would you like to order?
Who's going to pay for it?
-Your dad.
-Nice.
The two of the most
expensive sets, please.
Me too. Two special sets.
-A mushroom set, too.
-[server] Okay.
I'll order a set of homemade sausages.
That's a lot of food.
Dried pollack noodles.
Hey, order the noodles after the meat.
It's my preference.
Oh my goodness. You guys would
never turn down a free meal, huh?
Two orders of pork kimchi stew, please.
One for each table. Thank you.
-[server] Okay.
-Oh.
-To pair with the spice.
-Two steamed eggs too.
-Ooh.
Why are you all so quiet?
Can I eat this piece now?
-Huh?
-Hey, Song-hwa, that's beef!
-You can't eat that.
-Is that tuna?
-No, that's pork meat.
-What, are you going to eat it raw?
Is it pork tartare?
No one will steal your food, hm?
It's all yours.
You have that for yourself, so slow down.
I have three older brothers.
Yes, and all of them are quite bony, too.
Seok-hyeong,
your mom's going to divorce him?
-Mm.
-Really? That's great news.
Looks like she'll finally be able
to live her life.
She actually divorced him.
I've cried and begged her on my knees
to leave him.
I know life is short
and we could be happier.
-That's great.
-Must be tough.
Oh, gosh. Really, good for her.
[Jun-wan] Well, she might say that now.
But what if she flips one day
and suddenly changes her mind
and takes your father back?
We filed the divorce papers
and sent it yesterday.
Chairman Yang must've been surprised
when he found out about it
then filed the paperwork today.
Mandatory waiting period is four weeks,
so that means…
One more month to go and it'll be over.
But then,
her telling me she's gonna do it…
to finally making this divorce a reality,
it just feels so surreal.
[all chuckle]
It's different from your divorce, right?
Of course. I was heartbroken
when I got divorced.
-Did you feel the same?
-No, I didn't.
Not even in the slightest.
All I could think of was how happy
my life would be with my child, U-ju.
Don't tell me
you're still not over Sin-hye.
Oh, come on. You think I'm crazy?
That's not it.
I already moved on, I've gotten over her.
Sometimes, I can't help it.
Deep down, a part of me feels,
I don't know, sorry for her.
-You still love her.
-No. No.
There's a connection, not love, okay?
I feel bad, but I swear I moved on.
-What does he mean?
-I don't know.
Oh, gosh. You guys are
so clueless about love.
Enough with this nonsense.
Just continue eating.
I feel so bad for you. It's a shame
you won't inherit the company.
When your father dies, his assets
will end up with that woman and her child.
Taegeon Apparel isn't a listed company.
His dad owns most of the shares, right?
I think he can claim
a part of his assets legally.
I don't want his money. I won't accept it.
Exactly. Money isn't the problem.
[all] No way.
You're so annoying.
Hey, Seok-hyeong. You listen to me. Okay?
Don't give me that nonsense about
not accepting money from your own dad.
Just take it, it's yours.
Or just give it to us.
All right then.
I'll get the money
and I'll give it all to you guys.
Oh, by the way, have you heard about
what happened to the chairman?
Yeah, I heard it from my mom.
Why? What about him?
Mr. Ju has been experiencing
symptoms of depression.
What?
Oh, man.
I can completely relate to him, Rosa.
I once wrote my own will too.
What did you write on it?
Did you put, "I want you to die,
Yang Tae-yang. You're such a bastard."
I'd rather say those things to his face.
What a waste of paper if I did that.
Is that why you threw
a bucket of dirty water on them?
Yes.
I couldn't face my son afterwards.
But it made me feel really good.
Good for you. Blow off steam.
Do whatever you want to and say
what you really mean. I'm proud of you.
And the chairman? Do you know
what he's planning to do next?
Will he go to therapy?
He doesn't want to. He says he's fine.
He told me that it's autumn blues.
Ugh, so stubborn.
I think you should stay with him
and take care of him.
I noticed he seems to have
the best time with you.
I just told him to come over.
He said he'll go up after his phone call.
And he won't get that call.
What phone call?
He's supposed to have dinner
with his second son's family.
But his son suddenly got an upset stomach
so the dinner was canceled.
They promised to give him a call, but…
they probably forgot
because things got crazy.
Why doesn't he call them instead?
You're right.
He could just contact them,
but he feels hesitant to call them first
because he's worried he might be
a bother when there's so much going on.
Old people overthink sometimes.
[sentimental music]
[dial tone ringing]
[Tae-ung] Oh, hello, dad.
Hi, son.
How's Yun-min doing? What happened to him?
[Tae-ung] When we got to the hospital,
he was completely fine.
Good, I'm so relieved.
[Yun-min giggling]
He's feeling better now?
[Tae-ung] Yeah, he's okay now.
Enjoying himself while playing
with his brother.
We bought him
his favorite pizza and some soda.
He's singing now and in a better mood.
But still, don't feed him too much food.
He should take it easy today.
[Tae-ung] Okay.
Oh, wait, Dad.
Why? What is it?
[Tae-ung] Yun-hyeon
and Yun-min took a photo
in their taekwondo uniforms
this afternoon.
They looked adorable.
I'll send it to you now.
Okay. I'll wait for it.
Enjoy your dinner tonight.
[Tae-ung] All right. Goodnight, Dad.
[calm music]
[chuckles softly]
[phone rings]
Hello, Rosa.
[Rosa] What's taking you so long?
Did Tae-ung call?
Yes. In fact, I just got off the phone.
Yun-min is fine now.
[Rosa] That's good to know.
You should eat dinner now.
Come up. You must be hungry.
No, I'm fine. I'm not hungry.
[Rosa] You're going to skip dinner?
Come up here, have dinner now.
Don't worry, skipping a single meal
won't kill me. I'll be fine.
Are you leaving soon? I'll drive you home.
[Rosa] Skipping meals at our age
is not good for us. It's awful.
[chuckles]
I'll stop nagging you
if you come upstairs.
My goodness, fine. You win this time.
[Gyeo-ul] Liver transplantation from
a living donor starts in the morning.
As both surgeries
must be performed simultaneously,
it takes long hours
and it requires a lot of people.
Professors usually come
around eight in the morning.
They come
when the anesthesiologist is ready.
Before the surgery, the scrub nurses
set up the operating room.
We'll do a living donor liver transplant.
The donor is a 50-year-old man,
he's the patient's younger brother.
The anatomy type of the donor's biliary
tract is C, so it'll be a tricky case.
But Professor Lee will be handling it
carefully, so there won't be an issue.
I know he might seem
a little bit distracted
and all over the place sometimes,
but he's a skilled surgeon.
[Ik-jun] What did you say?
Was that criticism or a compliment?
-[Gyeo-ul] Wait, what are you doing here?
-[Ik-jun] Studying.
-[Ik-jun] You're assisting me?
-[Gyeo-ul] I'm not.
Dr. Jong Se-hyeok will be
your assistant today.
[Ik-jun] Mm.
[machines whirring]
[Ik-jun] Liver specimen for frozen biopsy.
KIM CHANG-HWAN
FROZEN SECTION
[Se-hyeok] It's taking
quite a while today, huh?
[Ik-jun] Three, two, one.
[Mi-ae] This is Kim Mi-ae from Pathology.
Here's the result of the frozen biopsy
of patient Kim Chang-hwan.
The macrovesicular fatty change
is six percent.
No inflammation was found
around the hepatic portal vein.
[Ik-jun] All right, thank you so much!
Let's start now.
How about we play some music?
[calm music]
[Chi-hong] Neurosurgeons don't
usually say,
"Everything will be okay
and the patient will surely recover
from surgery."
Since we're dealing with the brain,
there's less chance
of seeing a dramatic improvement,
compared to the other departments,
at least.
[Seon-young] I see.
[Song-hwa] I'm taking out the tumor now.
[Seon-young coughs]
-[Chi-hong] Are you cold?
-[Seon-young] Oh, no, I'm doing fine.
But I do get cold easily.
[Chi-hong] You won't survive in CS, then.
[Jae-hak] Yun-bok, are you okay?
Are you cold? Just hang on.
[Jun-wan] I can't see it.
Pull it to my side.
[nurse 1] Okay, sir.
CURRENT TEMPERATURE: 18
-[I-hyeon] Are you feeling cold?
-[Yun-bok] I'm okay.
[I-hyeon] Thank you.
[Yun-bok] Thank you for this.
[Jae-hak] When we stop the heart and use
a heart-lung machine during surgery,
the patient won't get much blood flow
since the heart has stopped.
We must slow down the metabolic rate.
We lower the temperature
to help organs' metabolic rates drop
and patients use less energy.
So when the heart starts beating again,
the patient recovers faster.
Where is Hong-do?
[Yun-bok] He's at a pediatrics surgery.
[Jae-hak] Mm. Does he easily get hot?
[Yun-bok] Yes, he does.
[Jae-hak] Ah, too bad for him.
[Yun-bok] Oh, no.
[Jeong-won] Suction.
Hand me some gauze.
CURRENT TEMPERATURE: 30.3
[thuds]
[nurse 2] Hey, are you all right?
[both] Doctor.
[nurse 2] Are you all right?
[Jeong-won] The student collapsed?
-[nurse 3] Yes.
-[Jeong-won] Is he okay?
[nurse 3] Yes, it took longer this year.
Last year, someone fainted around June.
[baby crying]
Hello, baby.
It's mommy.
-[Seok-hyeong] Suction, suction.
-[Min-ha] Okay.
-[Seok-hyeong] I can't see it.
[Seok-hyeong] When you're suturing
the uterus,
make sure to keep it really tight, okay?
But you shouldn't pull it too hard.
[Min-ha] Okay, understood.
[Seung-ju] Professor Yang, the students
from the nursing school are here.
Hello ma'am, congratulations.
Thank you so much.
[Seok-hyeong] I already informed
the mother about it.
If you came earlier,
you would've seen the baby coming out.
[Seung-ju] You have another surgery
later. I hope we can see it.
[Seok-hyeong] You can come a bit closer,
but make sure not to contaminate
the operating table.
NURSING STUDENT, KIM YEONG-JU
[Ik-jun] Hello.
[Ik-jun] Whoa.
What, you just finished surgery now?
Well, that took a while.
Well, it took a while, controlling
the bleeding, but it went pretty well.
-Just got off work?
-Yes.
Oh, right. About Oh Yu-min in Room 6011,
she's waiting for a donor
due to liver cirrhosis.
-Okay.
-Can you please call her father?
We must tell him
the patient's condition is getting worse.
It's been a while
since he stopped coming to the hospital.
[Yeong-ha] He hasn't gone since last week.
[Su-bin] You're right,
I haven't seen him lately.
Does she have other family members?
She doesn't.
I heard that she hadn't seen her dad
for a while before getting sick, either.
Oh, what should we do?
Or maybe her dad went off somewhere else?
-He'll be back.
-I highly doubt it.
Mm.
I've been in this profession
for over a decade now.
I can tell by their eyes.
I can tell if they will go through with it
or if getting a transplant
will be difficult for them.
And in the case of her father,
it's the latter.
I bet you her father will never come back.
But it's his decision to make.
I can't criticize him.
Besides, getting a piece of his liver
was quite a challenging task
to begin with.
But anyway, I got it.
-Uh, Professor Lee.
-Hm?
It's raining outside.
It's been raining since this morning,
you know.
Have a goodnight.
Bye, guys.
It's raining. Let's eat.
-You done with the surgery?
-Yeah, that's why I'm here.
[Ik-jun] What should we get?
Do you want jeon or sujebi? What?
Of course, it's sujebi.
I'll see you in the lobby.
I didn't drive today,
so let's take your car.
No problem.
[bright music]
WET FIELD SUJEBI
It's raining. Shall we go for a drive?
[Song-hwa] Sounds great.
What about U-ju?
[Ik-jun] He's in Changwon.
Hooked on pork rice soup these days.
How's your dad's hearing aid?
Got a refund?
No way. You think I'm nuts?
I talked to Professor Song.
I want the best one for my dad.
Why did you tell him how much it cost?
I didn't tell him.
My dad sort of found out.
[sighing]
I told him I got an employee discount,
used a coupon, and credit card too.
I came up with all sorts of reasons.
I had to tell my dad a million lies.
I told him I paid less than a million won.
I barely managed to persuade him
to wear it. Ugh.
Don't get so upset.
He doesn't want you spending
a lot of money.
-[phone rings]
-Ma'am, can I have more kimchi, please?
Hello? What's the matter?
[Chi-hong] The patient has
a cerebellar hemorrhage
and is in a semi-coma.
Both pupils are fixed at 0.2.
Barely has any motor skills.
All right, be right there.
Let's go.
[rock music]
EMERGENCY CENTER
[Chi-hong] I took the enhanced brain CT.
The bleeding is causing compression
in the brain stem.
-[Song-hwa] How old is the patient?
-[Chi-hong] Thirteen years old.
It's a 13-year-old girl.
[tense music]
GUARDIAN
[woman 1 crying]
What is that? Cerebral hemorrhage?
The patient is so young.
-Dr. Ahn?
-Yeah.
Do you see the AVM in her cerebellum?
AVM: ARTERIO-VENOUS MALFORMATION
[Chi-hong] Yeah, I do.
The AVM is ruptured,
so it caused ICH in the cerebellum.
That's why she fell unconscious.
Let's do the surgery.
-Okay.
-Hurry up. Get the guardian's consent now,
talk to Anesthesiology and send her up.
-I'll go talk to her parents now.
-Okay, I got it.
Oh, crap. You scared me.
Are you on call? You haven't gone home?
Do you have an umbrella?
I didn't go home, not on call,
no umbrella.
Lend me some money.
I need 10,000 won.
I had a baseball bet with Gwang-hyeon.
and darn it, NC lost.
It could've been
their tenth winning streak.
-Pay me back.
-Okay.
And give me some cigarettes, too.
10,000 won and 4 cigarettes.
And a lighter, too.
[sighs]
10,000 won, 4 cigarettes, and 1 lighter.
[Ik-jun] Whoa, it's Gyeo-ul.
Why?
What do you think? I lied.
You asshole.
Gotta go.
10,000 won, 4 cigarettes, and 1 lighter.
Hold on.
♪ 10,000 won, 4 sticks of cigarettes
And lighter borrowed ♪
♪ Jessica, only child, Illinois, Chicago ♪
♪ There's a guy named Ahn Jeong-won
He just won't let me go ♪
[chuckles]
I have to go,
it's time for the baseball highlight.
Ugh, you crazy jerk.
Oh, hello, Professor Ahn.
I'll see you at home, later.
["You Always" by J Rabbit playing]
That's a different car, right?
Yup. It was a gray sedan yesterday.
I wonder, who is Gyeo-ul dating anyway?
I don't like his vibe.
Doesn't Jeong-won have a car?
He does. But then, it's very sick.
Always at the hospital.
Hey, Gyeo-ul. Why did you come back?
[Gyeo-ul] Oh, hello guys.
-Hey, hi there.
-You forgot something?
I need to take care of some charts.
I was too busy to do them this afternoon.
While I'm here, I'll check the baby
in the PICU who had surgery.
Do you want coffee?
I could get one for you.
Sure. But wait, is the cafe still open?
Well, I can buy
from the convenience store.
Go to the PICU.
-I'll meet you there.
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
Here.
Oh, thank you so much.
Right, another one. Here.
[Gyeo-ul] I could have gotten them myself.
Well, I get more discounts.
Thirty percent ain't bad, right?
[both chuckle]
Gyeo-ul.
Can I ask you something?
-But it's a personal question.
-Okay.
What does your boyfriend do for a living?
I mean, why does he drive
a different car every day?
Is he a car dealer or what?
You only got half right.
The rest is wrong.
[both crying]
THE PATIENT'S SURGERY HAS ENDED
PLEASE COME TO THE OR
[both gasp]
But why are you still awake?
Goodness, it's past midnight now.
[Ik-sun] I can't sleep.
You just finished your surgery?
Was it a difficult one?
It wasn't. The previous one got delayed,
so I started late.
[Ik-sun] You haven't had dinner yet?
Mm-hmm, I'm going to have
ramyeon in the office.
You should sleep. See you this weekend.
[Ik-sun] Okay.
Bye, Jun-wan.
Mm-hmm. Goodnight.
[door opens]
You're still here?
Yeah, good evening.
Nice seeing you.
-Are you studying?
-[Yun-bok] No.
I just organized the notes
I took this afternoon.
It's getting late. You should go home now.
Yep. I'm done now.
Take a cab. Return this tomorrow.
Oh, no. You don't have to.
Go on, just take it.
My boyfriend is going to pick me up.
He's already waiting for me downstairs.
Thank you, though.
The surgery went pretty well.
We were able to stop the brain hemorrhage
and we removed
the arteriovenous malformation.
The swelling was severe.
The bleeding was located deep in the brain
and in an unfavorable spot.
So we need to observe her a little longer.
We'll give her medicine to lower
the brain pressure
and keep her in the ICU.
Will she regain consciousness?
I really can't say for now.
Your daughter's condition
was life-threatening.
It's too early to say
if she'll wake up or not.
We need to give it more time.
Excuse me.
[both] Thank you so much.
[cries]
[phone beeps]
[Chi-hong] It's raining heavily outside.
I'll leave an umbrella
in front of your office.
And also, thanks a lot for today.
[phone rings]
[Song-hwa] Hey, what's up?
It's already late. What do you need?
[Ik-jun] You really don't know?
I'm waiting for you.
What? You're still at the hospital?
[Ik-jun] Where would I go?
You didn't bring your car.
How are you gonna get home?
You're done, right?
Come to the ER. I'll drive the car.
All right then. I'll see you in a bit.
[laughs softly]
Wait a minute, is that Yun-bok?
[man 2] Why can't you show it to me?
[Yun-bok] Why do you need to check
my phone?
[sighs]
"Are you sleeping?"
Doesn't he know what time it is?
Why is he texting you at this hour?
-"Are you sleeping?"
-Hey.
Did you go through my phone?
Who gave you permission to do that?
How could I not look? It popped up.
-Give me your phone.
-I don't want to.
Why not? You hiding something?
[sighing]
No, I'm not.
And what about you?
Why aren't you using
the cell phone case I got you?
I got us a matching case.
[man 2] Because it won't fit in here.
I take it off when I drive.
I need to use GPS.
Where did you put the case?
[phone dings]
Ugh, that annoying bastard.
Come on. Give me your phone.
What's wrong with you?
I told you it's not what you think.
Stop it.
If you got nothing to hide,
-let me check it.
-I said I don't want to.
I'll check it and give it back right away.
I told you no. Why do you keep nagging me?
Just show it to me.
Is it really that hard for you?
Listen, stop insisting.
I don't want to show you my phone, okay?
[Jun-wan laughs]
-[Ik-sun] Look at that haircut.
-[Jun-wan] Yeah.
[Ik-sun] That was U-ju when he was two.
He looks like Ik-jun when he was young.
[Jun-wan] He takes after his grandfather.
CAPTAIN HONG JEONG-HO
WHAT ARE YOU DOING THIS WEEKEND?
He's Captain Hong in my battalion.
It's his habit, you know. He's just like
this to everyone, not just me.
He's friendly to everyone around him.
You wanna see his messages?
-I'll show you.
-It's fine.
You don't have to show me
your messages. I believe you.
-You sure about that?
-Mm-hm, why would I check your phone?
You'll take a doctorate?
Where will the program be?
Probably in the US or the UK,
I don't know. Whichever has an opening.
I'm studying very hard,
but one or two people
will only get picked.
Wanna be a professor?
I may not be as smart as my brother,
but I know I'm smart and athletic.
That's why I joined the military academy.
How long will you be away?
If I get chosen…
I'll be gone for three to five years.
You're not interested in getting married?
I told you when we first
started dating each other.
I don't plan on getting married.
But you know that this kind
of conversation is pointless, right?
It's hard to get into this program.
Captains have a higher chance
of getting picked.
I can't go.
What are you talking about?
If you don't go, then who will?
I know you can do it.
And I am sure you'll get chosen.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe you're right.
I think I have a good chance.
[both laugh]
I guess I'm going, then.
If you do get chosen…
Does that mean we're breaking up?
If you go abroad,
what's gonna happen to us?
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Let's eat!
There's pollack in the cafeteria.
-Let's go.
-Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, easy.
[Gyeo-ul] The choledochal cyst happens
when there's a cystic dilatation of the
biliary duct, so its function decreases.
As a result, this condition
may lead to cholelithiasis
and cholangiocarcinoma.
Uh, we will perform an incision
on the common bile duct while in surgery.
We'll perform
Roux-en-Y choledochojejunostomy
to reconstruct the biliary tract.
I see.
[Jeong-won] Nice to see you, ma'am.
[woman 2] Oh, hi, doctor.
Jae-won's surgery is pretty simple, ma'am.
Uh, our liver produces
a certain fluid called bile.
This digestive fluid helps break down
the grease inside the body.
So when our liver produces bile,
it moves down to our stomach.
And the passageway to our stomach
is called the common bile duct.
I see.
But then most kids have a common bile duct
of around less than 5mm.
Unfortunately, Jae-won's bile duct
is stretched to 3cm.
If the bile duct is stretched,
the bile can't flow properly
and might get stuck there.
If we don't treat it immediately,
it may lead to gallstones
and other complications.
So what we'll do is cut the stretched-out
part of the common bile duct.
That's the surgery
Jae-won is having today.
Got it, okay.
[Jeong-won] Of course, after removing it,
he still needs
a passageway for the bile to go through.
So we'll connect a part of
his small intestine with the biliary duct.
And once we connect both of it,
the surgery will be over, ma'am.
It's not a complicated
or difficult surgery,
so you don't have to worry about it.
I see. Thank you so much for the help.
I understand it now.
Please take good care of my son. Please.
-Okay.
-[phone rings]
Hey.
All right, sure. See you guys.
Sure.
[sighs]
[Seok-hyeong laughing]
[Ik-jun] Don't laugh like that.
You look like Gargamel.
What are you guys laughing about?
Guys. You know
Professor Cheon Myeong-tae in CS, right?
-No, I don't.
-He's the guy who owns
a lot of real estate properties.
That's all I know.
Jun-wan reported him regarding the rebate.
Oh, yeah, that's him.
My goodness, speak of the devil.
Look at those two.
You're friends with Jae-hak, too?
Yeah, I'm also super close
to Dragon in her department.
-And who's Dragon?
-Yong Seok-min.
You're not close to anyone in OB-GYN?
Of course not. He may have had
a couple of meals with them,
but I'm sure he's not close to anyone.
I'm besties with Chu Min-ha.
We're going to have tteokbokki
next week. With Gyeo-ul, too.
Hey, Jang Gyeo-ul is busy.
I'm busy too, and so are they.
All of us are busy.
But they asked me to buy it for them.
All of them like me so much.
No, you're just too nosy.
Hey, Jun-wan, did you hear the news?
Professor Cheon
and the CEO of Jinyong Credit Union
are getting married soon.
Who is the guy marrying?
Jin Min-ju,
the CEO of Jinyong Credit Union.
The self-made entrepreneur.
She's pretty loaded.
She's one of the foundation's
board members, right?
Yeah, she is. She's close to the chairman.
She's really good at what she does
and I think she's
an all-around wonderful person.
That's the reason why the chairman
has been feeling concerned lately.
-Why is he concerned?
-What else? He's very worried.
She's a competent businesswoman
with a great personality
but has bad taste in men.
Professor Cheon is obviously
after her money,
so I bet the chairman is torn
whether he should intervene or not.
-Is he really that horrible?
-Yeah. He's a jerk, all right?
A total pain in the ass.
He's a money-chaser.
A money-chaser?
It's a compliment.
A person running around
trying to make money. A hustler of sorts.
Oh, really?
Oops, I gotta do my rounds. See you later.
[Jeong-won] Mm-hmm.
Otolaryngology and Ophthalmology
will check in as well
to make sure
that everything is ready for surgery.
-Okay, thank you so much.
-Excuse me.
Excuse us.
I just want to know
when I'll be discharged.
You look totally different now.
-The urine output has been okay, right?
-Yes.
What about her prolactin levels?
They're decreasing, doc.
You can be discharged tomorrow.
Just remember, you shouldn't blow
your nose too hard, okay?
Some mild exercise is fine
but stay away from water exercises
for the time being.
Dr. Yong will explain everything to you
again in detail.
[phone rings]
Yes?
All right, sure. I'll be right there.
You won't need restitching. It looks fine.
Okay, thanks a lot. You should get going.
I know you're busy.
Yeah, that was the ER.
If you feel any discomfort,
let us know, okay?
Yeah.
Mom, I wanna eat
some tteokbokki right now.
I'll buy you some when you get discharged.
I promise to buy you
all the food you want to eat.
Oh, sweetie…
Thank you for being so strong.
I'm glad she's doing better than yesterday
and her speech is clearer as well.
Yes.
Your daughter recovered so fast.
It's a miracle.
Her cranial nerves are regenerating
quickly because she's still very young.
The pressure around the medulla is gone
and we took care of the bleeding as well.
Just continue
with the rehabilitation therapy
and she'll fully recover to the point
that it won't affect her life.
You have nothing to worry about, ma'am.
We should be able to move her
to the regular ward in about two days.
[man 3] Thank you so much, doctor.
We owe everything to you.
[Song-hwa] No problem.
I noticed you haven't been able
to go home for the past few days.
I even saw you sleeping
on the chairs at night.
Your daughter is past the critical stage,
so you should go home
and get some proper sleep.
[woman 1] We were actually planning
to go home tonight anyway.
In fact, we have a grand opening tomorrow.
I just opened up a business recently.
My mom teaches yoga. She's very famous.
[Song-hwa] Oh, really?
That's great.
Are you opening a yoga center?
[woman 1] Yes, after working
as an instructor for a while,
I decided to build my own yoga center.
But a few people
from the previous yoga center
signed up and helped promote it,
so I gained many members.
They paid their membership fees
and some of them are even coming
from far away places,
so I have to push through with it.
But seeing my daughter in the PICU…
I'm having doubts about
whether it's the right thing to do.
[Song-hwa] Please don't say that, ma'am.
Of course you need to earn money.
Tae-hui will be closely monitored here,
and her dad will accompany her as well.
[woman 1] And you know what?
You're more than welcome to drop by
when you have the time.
I feel like more people would come
if you visit the yoga center.
And doctor…
I really believe that you're
my family's good luck charm.
If you have some free time,
please join us for some coffee.
We would love to have you join us.
[man 3] She won't have time for that.
I'm pretty sure she's busy.
But doctor, we wouldn't mind if it's
a year from now or three years later.
You can visit us anytime.
We give you free yoga classes for life.
[Song-hwa laughs]
Thanks for being so kind to me.
I'd love to visit you guys
when I'm not as busy.
I'll see you later.
[tense music]
[Chi-hong] Could you please raise
this arm for me?
Please raise this leg for me.
This one too.
My head hurts really bad, doctor.
[Seok-min] When'd you get here?
I got here a while ago
for another patient.
Oh, do you have the CT angiogram?
[Song-hwa] An aneurysm.
-Shave it for coil embolization.
-Okay.
[phone rings]
Hello?
Is bleeding severe?
Well, I'll go and take a look, okay?
Bye.
Call the coil embolization team
and Anesthesiology.
-Sure.
-Seong-yeong, shave the area
and prepare it, okay?
[Seong-yeong] Sure, no problem.
[Ik-jun] Coil embolization?
You'll be late for practice.
-[Song-hwa] I won't, it'll be quick.
-[Ik-jun] Mm-hmm.
-What's for dinner later?
-Seok-hyeong wants ramyeon.
-Shall we get some dumplings and gimbap?
-Is that a trick question?
-Wait, where are you headed now?
-The ER.
Oh, Hui-su wants my advice.
I think she fought with her sister-in-law.
I thought you were busy.
Today, not so. I'll be busy next week.
U-ju has a field trip,
and I have a lot of lectures.
I have surgery as well.
Why don't you come with me
if you have some time to kill?
-I have a coil procedure.
-Oh, right.
-[both laugh]
-Silly.
PROFESSOR OF CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY
KIM JUN-WAN
THERE IS A 20-MINUTE DELAY
PROFESSOR OF CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY
CHEON MYEONG-TAE
NO WAITING PATIENTS
She got a stent put in
last year at a different hospital,
but the symptoms are reoccurring?
[woman 3] Yes.
She's been experiencing chest pain more
frequently as well as severe constipation.
Doctor, I read in books
and articles online that
medications which are prescribed
after a stent procedure
can also cause constipation.
I read that probiotics can help.
Can she take those?
-Where do you live?
-We're from in Ilsan.
Hmm.
Yeongji Hospital in Ilsan is pretty good.
You should take her there.
What?
You don't need to tell me
about what you read on the Internet.
And you also don't need to come
all the way here.
She should get treated
at a hospital nearby.
Anyway, thank you for coming. Next?
-She's my last patient?
-[nurse 3] Yes.
[Myeong-tae] Oh, I'll go ahead now.
The surgery was done
on the 23rd of the last month,
you have to wait before giving a bath.
But it healed nicely, though.
Showers are fine, starting next week.
And you can bathe the baby
starting next weekend.
Oh, okay. I'll do what you suggested.
Thanks.
-[Jun-wan] Oh, and one more thing.
-Yes?
When you're using running water,
be gentle when using the soap on yourself.
As for bathing the baby,
it would be most advisable
if you could wait
until the scabs fall off naturally.
All right, thank you so much.
[phone dings]
-How many are left?
-Five more.
-You said you have plans this evening.
-Yeah, no problem.
But sir, Dr. Cheon is already done.
It's not even 4:00 p.m.
[bright music]
[Chi-hong] Everything's ready.
Dr. Chae is in her office.
Call her, and she'll come right away.
[Seok-min] Thanks for your help.
[Jun-hui] We're getting
a lot of NS patients today.
[Seok-min] Yeah, I know.
-[Jun-hui] Hello there.
-Hi.
[Seok-min] Seong-yeong,
are you done with the shaving?
-[Seok-min] Ah!
-[electric razor buzzing]
[Jun-hui] What's going on here?
-[Jun-hui gasps]
-[Ik-jun] What's wrong?
[Ik-jun] Oh.
[comical music]
[buzzing stops]
Seong-yeong, can I talk to you?
Come on.
[shuddering breaths]
What is it?
[sighs deeply]
[Seok-min] Well…
Doctor, we told the patient
that we had to shave his head
in case we might have to perform
another brain surgery on him
in the near future.
We explained it to him.
-Oh, shut up.
-Okay.
[frustrated grunt]
Oh, you're so…
[Seok-min sighs deeply]
[tense music]
[Su-bin] Patient Oh Yu-min
is really not doing very well.
But strangely,
her MELD score is going down.
What do we do? We don't have time.
Do we have her father's address?
Yes, just a moment.
[approaching footsteps]
[Su-bin] My gosh, he's here.
Oh.
I can't believe it.
[nurse 4] And here at the top portion,
you'll see the fetal heart rate.
And at the bottom,
you'll see the mother's contractions.
-Now, if you look closely--
-Patient with PPH coming in!
[tense music]
Unfortunately,
her hemoglobin level is four.
[whispers]
That's too low.
Only four?
What does that mean anyway?
It means that she has lost a lot of blood.
Is she going to live?
Yes.
-Are you really the same person?
-Mm.
Yes, this is me.
I lost seven kilograms.
Not by starving myself.
I hired a personal trainer
and worked out six hours a day.
And I follow a very strict diet.
I predict that I'll probably lose
an additional two to three kilograms
in the next week or so.
Doctor.
I beg you. Please allow me
to donate my liver.
You see,
I really don't care if I die…
as long as I save my daughter's life
I'll be completely fine,
no matter what happens to me.
I was so preoccupied
with my business abroad
I ended up neglecting…
my one and only daughter.
I had no idea at all until
my daughter was on the brink of death.
All because of her alcoholism.
She's gotten very sick
and it's all because of me.
Had I only been there for my daughter,
she wouldn't have…
ended up in this situation.
I'm begging you, doctor.
I wanna be a better father from now on.
So please allow me to donate my liver.
I'm willing to lose more weight
if I have to.
I'm going to exercise even harder.
Please consider it, doctor.
Let me be a good father for once.
Please?
You know, sir.
According to the rules,
you're not the best candidate for it.
You're above the age limit
to qualify as a donor
and you have a fatty liver.
I can't let you do it
if I were to stick to the rules.
And to tell you honestly,
I almost gave up.
But seeing you today…
[sighs]
I'll muster up some courage.
We'll do the surgery.
Mm.
I'll order a liver ultrasound
and other tests.
We'll proceed with the surgery
if the results are promising.
[voice breaking]
Thank you so much, doctor.
I really appreciate it.
It means the world to me.
Oh, it's nothing.
I mean, I should be the one thanking you.
I'm glad you're doing very well.
Your son will be undergoing
a procedure called coil embolization.
We'll insert a thin catheter
via a femoral puncture
and guide it up to his cerebral arteries.
We'll insert coils to fill the aneurysm
with material that closes off the sac.
And to prevent infection,
we have to shave the hair around
the groin and thigh area
to cleanse it before surgery.
But then, one of our interns here
misunderstood the instructions
and he shaved his head.
I wasn't able to give him
clear instructions and I'm at fault.
I'm sorry about what happened.
You can claim compensation
if you'd like to.
And I promise to have it all sorted out.
[woman 4] It's all right with us.
Oh. My son's life is in danger now.
At this point,
who cares if he lost his hair?
Don't worry about it.
Thanks for understanding.
But doctor, the surgery
won't be very painful, right?
I wouldn't mind so much as long as
the procedure won't hurt, so please…
Don't be so harsh on the intern
for my sake.
We will administer anesthesia,
so you won't feel any pain.
You might feel some tightness
in your thigh area after surgery,
but don't worry, I'll tell them to give
you a cold compress to ease discomfort.
[chuckles]
Thanks so much.
[chuckles softly]
What about the song?
"Met You by Chance".
Okay.
What's up?
I'm reflecting.
Reflecting for what?
For thinking that I knew
everything about this world
and its people.
Been reflecting on a lot of things.
What are you talking about?
Can you step aside?
Chi-hong needs to come inside.
-Oh, hi there.
-Hi.
What's up?
He said he had to ask me something.
Jun-wan, if you have nothing to do,
just leave us alone.
It's a family matter.
[thuds]
You may come in and see Jae-won now.
No, it's fine. I saw Jae-won earlier.
I just can't wait to see my baby again.
I assume the surgery went well, right?
Dr. Ahn explained everything,
but I wasn't really listening
because I was so distracted earlier.
Well…
-Come in for a second.
-Okay.
[Gyeo-ul] I was inside the OR
and I assisted Dr. Ahn,
so I saw everything.
Take a look at this.
This is what the common bile duct
normally looks like.
As we explained before the surgery,
this part of Jae-won's common bile duct
was stretched out.
We cut out this part here
that's stretched out.
To create a new passageway
for his bile to pass through.
We connected this to his small intestine.
The surgery went well.
Jae-won might experience
some pain for a while,
but there's no bleeding
and the urine output is good, too.
And the vitals are stable as well.
We could send Jae-won back
to the ward tomorrow.
[sighs in relief]
Thanks for the help, doctor.
I feel so relieved now.
[woman 2] Oh my goodness.
Thank you so much, really.
[snickers softly]
Yeah, they dated for a while.
About five years?
But then, the thing is,
as you already know,
Ik-sun doesn't wanna get married.
But the guy kept asking her to marry him,
and Ik-sun actually liked him enough
and changed her mind about it,
so she said yeah.
Anyway, things were going fine.
But one day, they went
to see a fortune-teller out of the blue.
[snickers]
And the fortune-teller told Ik-sun that
she would destroy his future
if they stayed together.
Hm?
And they're incompatible.
And Ik-sun would get in the way
of his future.
[snorts]
Yeah, they were told
a bunch of nonsense like that.
And she believed it?
No, of course not.
But it would still be
in the back of your mind.
So then the very next day,
Ik-sun made an appointment
with every fortune-teller in the area
and asked him to come with her
to get it out of their heads.
-And then?
-[Chi-hong] And then the jerk went on and…
He said he told his mom about
what happened.
He said she was
against him getting married.
He asked her for some space.
So, Ik-sun was so baffled.
And she just sat there, so confused
and dazed about what had just happened.
And then she suddenly got
a phone call from his mom.
She answered the call.
His mom wanted to come and see her.
-[sighs]
-[Chi-hong scoffs]
In such a cheerful and excited voice.
She asked her if she'd like to go
to Sokcho for the weekend.
So he lied to her.
[Chi-hong] Yeah,
and used his mom as an excuse.
He didn't know that
his mom and Ik-sun talked often.
If his feelings have changed,
he should've just been honest with her
in the first place.
He's a grown man.
[sighing]
Why did she have to date
a douchebag like him?
She suffered from insomnia
for over six months after that.
She couldn't eat properly.
She lost about five kilos that time.
I was so busy at the hospital,
I couldn't be there for her.
But is she doing much better now?
Yeah, it seems she's fully
recovered from it.
And her sense of humor is coming back.
[both laugh]
Anyway, thanks a lot for telling me this.
I'll pretend
that I know nothing about this.
Okay, sounds good to me.
But listen.
I swear to you, there's nothing
between me and Ik-sun.
We're really just good friends.
Oh, come on, I got you. You silly.
You have your band practice
later today, right?
Would you mind
if I watch your practice sometime?
Sure!
You're free to come.
You like Song-hwa, right?
-I mean, you admire her.
-Yeah.
I do. I like her.
It seems everyone likes Song-hwa.
That's why she's always busy.
In fact, when her admirers see her
playing her bass guitar, mm…
You'll fall for her even more.
She's gotten better at it.
That girl is such a nerd, you know?
She has a coil surgery, right?
Is she done yet?
Yeah, she should be almost done by now.
[Song-hwa] Good work, everyone.
[Seung-ju] I know
a good sujebi place nearby.
-Let's go.
-[student 1] Okay.
Doctor, you must be exhausted.
How was the surgery?
Yeah, we struggled to locate
the origin of the bleeding at first,
but it all went well.
We managed to stop the bleeding,
so we'll do a transfusion
and see how she recovers.
Remember, when you're requesting a CBC,
order a DIC as well.
Let me know when the results are out.
She's gotten a lot of blood,
so do a chest X-ray tomorrow.
Got it, doctor.
Excuse me, sir.
Did that patient make it out alive?
Of course, she's fine now.
See you tomorrow.
[Min-ha] See you.
Thank you so much.
-We're late already.
-All right, okay.
Just give me a minute.
All right, I heard you!
[upbeat music]
Sorry about that.
Excuse me, sir. Wait, here's your wallet.
Thanks a lot.
[laughs]
Hey, what is this?
Oh!
[elevator voice]
Doors opening.
[Song-hwa chuckles]
Where are you off to?
-Nowhere.
-What?
[phone rings]
Hey, I'm in the lobby.
It's understandable.
He's a middle-aged man
without his white coat.
I didn't recognize him at all.
I feel so bad.
It's okay. Dr. Yang wouldn't mind.
Don't worry too much about it.
You know, girls, when you take off
your surgical gowns,
we're just like anybody else.
Get used to it.
[students] Okay.
It may be stressful, but what if
those patients are your family?
Be understanding.
Give them another chance, be kind to them.
But no third chances.
Just tell your supervisors.
[students] Okay.
[car beeps]
Oh, Yeong-ju, your dad is a doctor, right?
Yes, but he's getting some chemotherapy
right after his surgery.
Oh, my gosh, is he all right?
Yes! Although he always bad-mouths
his doctor as well as the hospital.
Other than that, he's doing great.
[both laugh]
I see him, he's over there.
-Seok-hyeong!
-Ik-jun!
Huh?
Hey, what's up?
[Jun-wan] Oh, sorry about that.
[Ik-jun] Oh, come on, it's all right.
[indistinct chattering]
Who's coming?
I know I'll get all shy.
You never let us down. Good job.
Do you think he'll like it, though?
Then my mom will come too.
[bright music]
Jong-su, when was the last time
you went to a concert?
I don't know any popular songs these days.
Hey, Jeong-won, could you perform a song
by Moon Ju-ran?
Or maybe something from Cho Mi-mi.
We'll kick you out if you keep making
such unreasonable requests.
All right, fine.
Let's get it started, then.
Okay, here we go.
I'm fine with anything,
but pick something upbeat.
Something exciting, mister.
"Mister"?
Okay.
["Met You by Chance" playing]
♪ I met you by chance ♪
♪ And your beauty stole my heart ♪
♪ And your eyes captivated my heart ♪
♪ There is something I want to tell you ♪
♪ Why can't I muster up the courage? ♪
♪ I want to say it to you
But I don't feel confident ♪
♪ My heart is pounding ♪
♪ I shall let all this frustration ♪
♪ Fly away in the wind ♪
♪ I met you by chance ♪
♪ And your beauty stole my heart ♪
♪ And your eyes captivated my heart ♪
♪ There is something I want to tell you ♪
♪ Why can't I muster up the courage? ♪
♪ I want to say it to you
But I don't feel confident ♪
Dad, I'm not a kid anymore.
I can do it myself, I'm fine.
But you'll always be my only daughter.
And why do I have to eat some porridge?
I haven't gotten the surgery yet.
[groans]
Dad, I'm craving for fried chicken.
♪ That lady who is as beautiful
As a blooming flower ♪
♪ Stole my heart ♪
♪ Her gorgeous eyes
That sparkle like morning dew ♪
♪ Captivated my heart ♪
♪ There is something I want to tell you ♪
♪ Why can't I muster up the courage? ♪
♪ I want to say it to you
But I don't feel confident ♪
♪ My heart is pounding ♪
♪ A fool, such a fool ♪
♪ I must be a fool ♪
♪ That lady who is as beautiful
As a blooming flower ♪
♪ Stole my heart ♪
♪ Her gorgeous eyes
That sparkle like morning dew ♪
♪ Captivated my heart ♪
♪ There is something I want to tell you ♪
♪ Why can't I muster up the courage? ♪
♪ I want to say it to you
But I don't feel confident ♪
♪ My heart is pounding ♪
♪ A fool, such a fool ♪
♪ I must be a fool ♪
♪ There is something I want to tell you ♪
♪ Why can't I muster up the courage? ♪
♪ I want to say it to you
But I don't feel confident ♪
♪ My heart is pounding ♪
♪ A fool, such a fool ♪
♪ I must be a fool ♪
[Rosa cheering]
[Rosa] That was great!
Amazing!
-Hey, stop it.
-[Jong-su yawns]
Whoo!
[Ik-jun sighs]
Daddy, where are you going?
Take me with you.
Hey, U-ju. I'm sorry,
but I'll see you in the evening.
-Wait for me, okay?
-Mm.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
Okay, let's do our ritual. Okay.
[snapping]
All right kiddo, later!
["Beautiful My Love"
by Urban Zakapa playing]
[car beeps]
[gasps]
Oh.
Doctor, doctor! Good to see you here.
I can't believe you came.
WISHING YOU ABUNDANCE OF PROSPERITY
CHAE SONG-HWA
Congratulations on your opening.
Oh, thank you so much.
Honey, Dr. Chae is here. Come greet her!
Oh no, it's okay. I can't stay long.
I just wanted to drop by.
I'm meeting someone nearby
and I decided to pay you a visit.
Well, have a great day.
Thank you.
[laughs]
[man 4] A guy came here to see you.
He seemed to be in his late 30s already.
Pretty handsome, too.
What the hell?
Surprise.
Surprised to see me?
Gosh, you're no fun.
This is for fish stew, huh?
The ingredients are ready to go,
so just boil everything with the sauce.
In this one, you'll find different kinds
of tripe but they're raw, so grill them.
Better grill them, okay?
This is sundae and organ meats.
There are ears, liver, lung,
intestines, kidneys, and so on.
They're cooked, so you can eat it
right away. Hope you like it.
[clears throat]
Did something happen?
Not at all.
-Are you getting married?
-No way.
-Is Mom sick?
-No, she's fine.
-Is Dad sick?
-I just came here to see you.
-Are you sick?
-Gosh, I'm off.
I promised U-ju I'd take him out
for tonkatsu.
I just stopped by to give you some food.
Where's the restaurant?
In Apgujeong.
Look, I just came here
to see you, all right?
You doing okay?
Yes.
I've been good. And you?
I've been doing great as always.
I'm sorry for not visiting you as often.
Hm?
I should've taken care of you.
Goodbye.
Oh.
Before I forget, here's some money.
Here.
[laughing]
What?
Are you crying?
[cries]
Gosh, what's wrong with me?
[laughs]
Don't be silly!
I gotta go, you take care.
Just call me
if you ever feel stressed out.
I'm always free. I'm not busy at all, huh?
So call me anytime.
Goodbye for real.
[sniffles]
[car engine revs]
[bright music]
Okay, fine, I'll go.
I have to do what my girlfriend wants.
These are very nice people.
-Hello.
-Hi, good evening.
Thanks, but what is it?
How could you do this to me?
I think you just like seeing me suffer.
Hey, Ik-jun. Wanna get a drink tonight?
What's wrong? What's this about?
[Jong-su] It would be a shame
for Jeong-won to quit being a doctor.
The truth is, there aren't a lot
of doctors like him.
What is it with your kids?
See that? It looks like
our dear Gyeo-ul is dating someone!
Really?
If you like her, say so.
It'll be our secret.
Jeong-won hasn't gone home yet.
I have to see a patient.
-I'll just wait here.
-[Min-ha] Professor…
I certainly hope
you're not jealous of him.
-No, I didn't.
-[Ik-jun] I heard you.
Oh, you did? Then prove it.
What time did I say?
[Song-hwa] It's nice having
someone to rely on.
Later.
I will. I was going to tell the others
eventually when we're together.
-Who?
-The surgery will be hard and I'm worried
about complications.
The surgeon has to do well, if not,
the hospital's reputation will be harmed.
Her condition is bad
due to chronic rejection.
I don't want one
and you can't force me to have one!
[Myeong-tae] Fine, don't get one then.
But don't say we didn't warn you,
young man.
The patient won't cooperate
and Professor Cheon says we can't insist.
If it were up to me,
I'd decline a high-risk operation
like this one.
[Jong-su] It's not up to you, is it?
It's up to the doctor assigned
to the surgery.
[Jae-hak] Tell me, Professor Kim.
What am I supposed to do?
I'll do everything I can. No matter what.
[Jun-wan] A doctor who gives up
is no longer a doctor.